We should put it at the beginning of our podcast. Oh probably so that everyone who hears about cuz there's probably like 10 people that listen to the end. Yeah
I don't know where I saw it. I think it was just like a YouTube thumbnail and I inferred it. But they put it up here like where I have it now.
And they do that thing where they take a picture of their background. It's so dark. I can't see your microphone. Oh, it's like a pie.
Yeah, so it's like to the side of my head. And they do that thing where they take a picture of their background and then they just overlay it over the mic.
So it looks like there is no mic in the frame. They can't, so they can't move their face. They have to be completely still and they have to be like right here.
I mean, so my thing with this mic is I feel like I have to like be right up. I feel like make out with it when I talk otherwise I don't really get a good sound.
It was different. It was a little bit further away. So he had some range of movement. Yeah. That's a clever trick.
It is a clever trick. I've got the, I've got a shotgun mic. A shotgun. But that's not good for this type of thing, right?
It's not good for the pocket. Well, it's, it picks up a lot more background noise. So that my secret with the podcast is I can get less of my children screaming.
If I use this mic because you kind of do, you have to make out with it. I think we have the same mic, right?
Yeah. Yeah. It's the same one. The SM7B. How many of these things do you think they've sold? Because I see them everywhere.
Every single, like the Michael Jackson thriller microphone, right? Yeah. Like as soon as that trivia fact went out, every single person with a podcast is like, that's the one I need.
I could be Michael Jackson. Yeah. I could have something in common with Michael Jackson.
But I see it everywhere. I saw I was walking by a cigar store, which is a normal, I got very common in Miami cigar stores.
But like half of the retail space was dedicated to like a podcast set up. And they had like a couch and then they had, they had like six of these things on, on a mountain, everything.
And I was like, this is so crazy. I literally everyone, and they're not cheap. They're expensive. Like 300 bucks or something.
Oh, yeah. It's just the mic. And it's so needy. It needs so much around it. It sounds good. Yeah, it's like me. I need dacks around me to sound good.
Can you imagine six people talking on a podcast? Like at the same time? That's a lot. That'd be intense. That'd be a lot.
I've seen clips like that, you know, where like it's like two sides of people and they're all just talking bullshit at each other.
It's just that the dumbest people in the world just arguing with each other.
Maybe we need to add some people to this podcast, some regulars. We're going to. Sounds like we're going on Tuesday.
I mean, besides like guests. Yeah. Oh, I see. Like one of guests. But maybe we need like expand the hosts. Maybe we need four hosts.
Let's try it. Let's try it with a lot of people at once. Anyone with the SM7B, you're welcome.
Yeah, yeah. Got an SM7B. Hit us up. I saw an SM7B on a Sesame Street, like album cover, like Cookie Monster is talking into one. No joke.
I was like, yeah, I know what that mic is. How do I suck your time?
That's funny. Well, we're going to kind of like for React Miami, we're going to have four people doing the live stream.
Yes. So that's going to kind of be all beyond that same. It's you, Prime, Theo, and Madison.
Oh, so it's the same people that did some other conference, but plus you.
Plus me. Next comp. Yeah. Yeah. I'm banned from that one. So I couldn't go to that one.
I'm just kidding. I'm not banned.
Are you? I had a question about that. Oh, did you see? Oh, it was not about that. It was about is prime starting a podcast.
Oh, I didn't say something about that. Yeah. And Pirate Software also said, what's the name of the podcast? Are they starting a podcast together? I'm so curious.
Interesting. Oh, man. More competition. I'd listen to his competition yesterday.fm. Oh, he got competition. Oh, man, I love it.
That was great. Yeah. They didn't even change the background of the thumbnail. It was just so sick tomorrow.
Even then, I thought that was way higher effort than, again, for people that aren't aware, we have some competition.
There is a competing podcast called yesterday.fm hosted by Melke and Jay, who is CEO of SST.
They're not really recording episodes, either. It was just a joke. It's 100% is a joke.
But are they going to record joke episodes? Because that would be great. Actually, I would love to listen.
It's just the most niche joke ever. The little effort to people that would get it does not make any sense.
But yeah, I mean, even an even a thumbnail they made, I thought was higher effort than.
Oh, yeah. No, they did a great job. I mean, it would have been extra mile for sure to like make the actual yesterday.fm background.
Yeah. But good job, guys. That was a good one. Got a good check on me. You got me.
So I have technical steps to talk about. Wow.
I don't need to announce that every time, I guess. I think you should, because it's like, I get why you do it because it's infrequent.
Yeah. Okay. So I have a technical topic and a non-technical topic. I'll let you choose which one's first.
Let's do the technical one first. You might have things you want to talk about, too. I don't want to just say.
I don't. We could spend like five minutes each online and then you could talk for like 45 minutes. We got to give the people what they want, you know, some smart conversation.
Okay. So technical first, do you ever have one of those nights where it's like one long dream, but you also feel like you're half awake and you're thinking really hard, like in your sleep.
Do you ever have that? It's like where you're working through something extremely rarely. Okay.
I mean, it's not often for me. I wouldn't say like, yeah, but I can relate to it. I get what you're talking about.
Okay. You kind of know what I'm saying. The other night, for whatever reason, I think it was the day after the Carmack tweet and Carpathie invested in that magic magic.
Yeah. I think it was the night after like those two data points. And what's funny is like, saw the tweet and saw you quoted it.
Saw the Carpathie investment and kind of read up on magic. Didn't even think about it that day. Like, it's just kind of interesting.
AI stuff happening. Didn't it didn't really like click in my mind or make me have thoughts of existential dread or whatever as a software developer.
But that night, it's like all night long. I was thinking about this idea that like, we're definitely going to have like in the next few years, we're going to have like coworkers.
Better AI, not coworkers, but like we're going to have like end to end, like describe a feature, get a PR from these like AI developers.
I mean, just large language models, whatever they are, some form of the current version of AI, like making changes in our code bases.
That's definitely going to be a thing. I don't know. There was like maybe six months ago or whatever. It was kind of like, oh, that could happen in our lifetime or, yeah, maybe or it'll just make us all more productive.
But like, it's very clear to me now, and maybe it's been very clear to everybody for a while. But like, this is going to be a thing where there are junior developers replaced by AI that's just pushing PRs.
And the more I thought about it in my sleep, again, I don't know why I can't just sleep like a normal person in my half awake state.
It like clicked in a very positive way for me that like, wow, if we could like lower the cost of implementation to like trend towards zero, that's the part I actually hate.
I mean, I got to love coding for fun. That's fun. Sure.
But like being an individual contributor is tiresome.
Like I've done it for 15 years.
And the thing that sometimes I wish, I just wish I enjoyed managing people sometimes because I don't. I don't like it at all. And I've spent periods at my startup being a manager and hated it.
But I think I might love it. If it were just a bunch of little AI things that I'm just having to like give it the right prompt or whatever you want to call it, give it the right direction.
And then it's just handing me PRs to review. That sounds actually super productive and like an amazing thing for society.
If one developer could kind of have like a little legion of or just like one instant junior developer that can just literally like churn stuff out for you.
It just made me think like, this is going to open the floodgates to what we can accomplish and how much faster a company that has direction and knows what they want to do can do it.
So it's actually like it went from like a very scary, I'm a software developer. They're teaching robots to do like it's like the self checkout thing like if you worked at Walmart.
Uh oh, and it was that feeling as a developer like it's coming for us.
So now it's like, no, this is amazing. We're going to be able to do so much and so fast like as someone who runs a company works at a company and has developers on my team.
I can only imagine what we could all do if we all had access to this kind of thing.
So I have talked way too long without letting your smart brain react and correct and do the things you should do right now.
That's two a.m. By the way, I didn't sleep well last night either. Oh my god. Not related, totally unrelated, but yeah. Anyway, that's that's my thought.
I totally agree with you. It's this weird thing where I get why a lot of people are anxious and to be honest. I think a lot of people should be anxious.
If I'm going to be completely honest with like, yeah, like Frank about this stuff.
There is the reality is there's a type of person that is trying to do stuff and they learn a bunch of skills to do the thing.
Then there's a type of person that learns the skills because other people are trying to do a thing.
If you're in the latter group, yeah, I see why this is a problem because the thing you described where like you have all these things you want to do.
I totally agree, right? Like we always have ideas and it's always like the like process to get to a version one of it.
So you can like actually have a tangible idea. It's such a massive cost to anything that lowers that for someone that has ideas and is someone trying to like put ideas out in the world and to build things.
This is obviously great and we've been experiencing some portion, some version of this forever. Like the cost of that is slowly lowered over time.
Yeah, it required learning new skills required, like figuring out new things and it seems like we're on the cusp of it lowering basically to the lowest it could possibly be without having to like really learn too much.
Yeah, so I think yeah for people that are trying to do stuff and programming is a way to do the thing and that's if that's a way you've perceived the world in your work.
I think yeah, your conclusion is exactly the right one. It's kind of how I feel too. The little details I do wonder about are so that company magic is trying to make it so that what's the best version of an AI programmer.
How can we push this concept to infinity. The thing is, this stuff could be so disruptive that that is actually exactly the wrong idea that presumes that you still need software to be built and written, right?
It could there is like a version of real of how this all plays out where the idea of software goes away. If the idea of software goes away and AI is the final software, final piece of software that needs to be written.
Like, why do you need an AI programmer? You get what I'm saying? Sure. Yeah, long term I seriously. Yeah, if there is an AI thing and it has access to a database and it can read and write from the database and figure out if it needs to be done just in time.
Writing software is just kind of like caching that behavior in a way, right? Like if you can figure out just in time, maybe it costs too much so then you like codify that into a bunch of rules and you like hard coded as software.
But there is like a future where a lot less software is written and it's possible that there isn't really a business to like make an AI programmer.
And I kind of believe that because if you look at the SaaS category, which is where a lot of people in our field have jobs, they work at companies that build tech for other companies.
Yeah, I'm going to call them, they build tech for real businesses. So there are certain things that need to happen in the world. And tech companies just build software that makes that happen faster.
And most of us have jobs in that field. That field could just go away. Right. That doesn't mean every single industry goes away. It's really just that field of helping companies be more efficient goes away.
So like let's say you have an oil company that like drills oil and does a bunch of stuff.
That's still going to be around like we still need that at least for some amount of time. But they don't necessarily need to be buying software. Maybe they don't need to be buying like a thousand pieces of software like they do today.
So I kind of wonder if the way that people are going to be pushed out of work isn't really that directly that they're going to be replaced by a programmer by the company they work at.
Either company might stop making sense at some point. Yeah, I remember your tweet now. We even talked about it. I think where the company workforce more likely to go under than you are to lose your job.
Yeah. So then if you look at what you were saying, if the thing you want to do is something that exists outside of tech, like the thing you want to do can't be like, I want to build software.
Right. It has to be something different. Like I want to like, I don't know, like make this good and like sell it on his website.
Then like, yeah, I can make that cost like basically zero. I think that makes total sense. But if your idea is like, I want to build productivity software for this group of people.
Like, I don't, I don't think the guy helps you there. Something I would just do that job.
Yeah. So do you think what you're saying is specific to the SaaS like B2B kind of stuff like productivity software? Because I think so.
I think so. I'm trying to think like, so I mean, I can't not talk about statues. I try not to like get too deep into like my specific situation.
But we, you know, if you have a consumer facing website, it's kind of like website slash media thing slash information news.
Think like Wikipedia, Yahoo finance. I don't know. If you have a site like that, I guess AIs already serving up a lot of stat mu stuff.
So perplexity being an example, like they're kind of a new aged AI based search engine.
But they do what Google does, which is when you ask sports questions, they reference our stuff.
So we still have this kind of like resource that's valuable to the AI, I think, and that we've curated this very like specific database.
But I guess also like the long tail here, I feel like you've still got like most of the world on WordPress and like it's very slow.
And like if you think about how slow things go, like I guess what I'm getting at is I could see the AI programmer thing being useful for five to ten years.
While the in state that you're kind of describing takes shape and becomes a thing.
Yeah, I think practically you're right. Like that's what I'm describing is like an overly simplified scenario where I'm just like talking about what the final thing is.
And there might be like millions of opportunities, it might take 50 years, who knows, like the pathway to that.
So I'm not saying like magic can't work out.
But right now, if I'm going to make like a wild ass bet and start a company like that.
If you're a venture, like looking at it from a venture perspective, like the big giant bet, then maybe that's not the best kind of intermediate step that you're betting on.
Yeah, like if I could build anything right now, it probably wouldn't, I probably wouldn't be trying to do what magic is doing.
It kind of works in two ways, right? Like what's great about their business, it's there's such an incremental step.
Like people, companies are already producing a lot of code. They already have, you know, people that they hire to do that.
They have workflows and processes and they can like incrementally adopt this stuff.
So from a business point of view, like makes total sense and like I get why there's a lot of opportunity there.
But again, if it's like a moonshot type of bet, that one doesn't seem that in a lot of ways, it seems like too practical and like too likely to work to actually work.
You know what I mean? Yeah, it's like a paradox.
Yeah, but if I look at it as like a potential customer, I'm very excited about it.
I hope I succeed because I would love to use it and pay for it.
And like across multiple things, like not just at, you know, my day job, but also like every side project I ever think of just being able to like leverage something like that and not spend so much time implementing sounds very attractive.
Yeah, a lot of things change, right? Let's say that thing is really good and you never have to directly manipulate or read the code. You just have to, you would do is still iterate on it and you maybe iterate on it in a very familiar way to the way we iterate on software right now.
But you don't have to do the direct part.
What does the best programming language mean at that point? Yeah, so I think we've kind of talked about this.
And I think it's the end state thing to again, like with the end state, it's like, sure, it should just be spitting out binary or assembly language or whatever.
I don't know, maybe Wasm has a point in the first in the after all, like there's a reason for Wasm to exist. I don't know.
But in the intermediate state, it kind of be nice if it was spitting out TypeScript or whatever you used to reading so that you could actually review it and catch stuff like as it's getting better.
Imagine there might be things that it does that you're like, Oh, I didn't understand exactly what I was going for here.
And maybe you fix it directly or you give feedback and it responds to the feedback. I don't know.
I could see that intermediate state benefiting from it being a language you're familiar with.
Yeah.
That's the immediate intermediate state, but you can see how you might be more willing to choose a language with different properties, right?
If you feel like, if you start using this way, it turns out you're like really just editing and tweaking the stuff it's outputting.
You might be more than willing to give up a familiar language. You might say, like, I'm down to use it more like performance language.
I mean, it's a little harder to iterate traditionally.
Even with the new SSCLI when I start and we wrote it and go, and I'm familiar with go like I did it for years, but I had it in a while.
So I was rusty. And one of the things I tried to do is, OK, I'm starting a new workflow. Basically, I'm in a new language effectively, not what I've been doing the past couple of years.
Let me try to like overuse AI. Even when I feel like I can do it, let me like try to do the AI first.
And just so like, I just kept, I just keep feeling like I'm not using it enough. So this was a good opportunity for me to use it more.
And yeah, you know, AI wrote a lot of the CLI, a lot of the code that's that we're shipping.
Yeah. And it did a good job. And I mostly just like babysat it and like pointed it in the right direction a lot of times.
And I do feel like sometimes it found better ways to do things than I would have. I think it did do things faster.
So I don't like to use the word faster because I think whenever the concept of faster comes up, people are always like, it's only like three seconds faster.
Who cares? What actually matters is it took me less energy. It definitely takes me less energy to tell Chad JBT something and have it spit it out.
Yeah. It's a little awkward at first because you're a little more familiar just typing the code versus describing the problem.
But once you get used to it, it is easier. So yeah. And then so if you take this one step further.
Okay. Now you're at the stage where people are willing to relax their immediate feelings about languages because they're not the ones that are manipulating it.
Now, if you're a language designer, what does designing a language for AI mean? Like, what does that?
Would you do things differently? Would you care about certain things? AI needs a lot of examples.
So like that also maybe makes it hard to create a new language now because it's like a cold start problem.
Yeah, exactly. And it's funny. So we're doing new docs for SST for ION.
And we're putting a shit ton of examples everywhere, not for people, but so they can learn. So we're changing our behavior.
That's awesome. Oh, I definitely think of SST when I think of like building stuff really fast with AI.
It would be really great to have this sort of integrated deployment picture in there with the code that you're also building.
Like just the idea of using serverless stuff and being like literally stand up a startup in like such little time.
Yeah. Relative to the old barriers of entry kind of goes hand in hand with that whole movement, I think.
Yeah. And that's why I think what is so that's really exciting. The part that I think we will have to adapt delis for me because I've always worked like in tech tech.
Like I never worked at like a real company. I've only worked at a company helping real companies. Yeah.
Make a shovels. Yeah, exactly. So my whole mindset, I think I need to shift it a little because I don't think selling shovels is going to be as viable.
Like do the actual digging now, you know, because like the ultimate shovel has been made in some ways.
And even with SSC, you know, I think about this where our whole thing is creating a nice abstraction for people is simple and progressively discloses into something more complicated.
That takes a lot of work and a lot of constraints and a lot of trade offs.
But if an AI can just in time always generate the right thing, like what level of abstraction does it need? Like does it need all that?
And if the user isn't really directly manipulating this stuff, like is it okay to sacrifice a whole bunch of things that we currently are not willing to?
Yeah. I can't remember if it was your tweet or I saw somebody tweet something online of like things that don't matter when it comes to AI and a programming language and they mentioned like type safety.
Like it's an interesting thought that like things that we value so much for refactoring and for all these things, like those concepts, those concerns do just kind of like go away if AI is doing the work, doing the implementing, at least.
It's super interesting. I can't remember what else was on that list. Was that a tweet of yours or was that something else?
I did mention that I did have a tweet about how type safety is something less important.
That one clicked for me immediately when I started using co-pilot because co-pilot's auto-complete sometimes does stuff you like get from type safety.
Yeah. Yeah.
You know, like it figures out like the right thing and it's like it's actually doing a better job than the type safety.
I just had the thought today that like my neo-vim configuration.
I can't remember how it's prioritized, but it does feel like my LSP and like co-pilot are competing and often I'm choosing co-pilot.
It's just interesting that the LSP's already been diminished somewhat because my first tab down, like it's a co-pilot option and it does exactly what I needed to do.
It's something the LSP couldn't have predicted. It's just that level beyond. Yeah, it's interesting.
Yeah, exactly.
Sometimes I do wish like I could just go with the, like sometimes I'm frustrated when I choose the co-pilot thing and it doesn't get the last bracket or something.
Like it does that stupid stuff for them. It's like, I got to figure out what's missing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like randomly delete parentheses and they're like, add them into the words.
Yeah, until it's good. Yeah.
Yeah.
So that was nice at LSP's. They're a little more precise or a lot more precise, but they can't do things.
They're just in a totally different class. Like they're completely outclassed in other ways by things like co-pilot.
And there's someone in the, in the Twitch chat saying, I think you're exaggerating a bit on how good AI will be in the future.
So my, my responses is actually everything I'm saying doesn't require AI to get much better.
Even if you take what it can do today in terms of raw capability,
every problem I have with it, at least today, is a coordination and workflow problem.
It's like, I actually need it to do these like six different, like, do this and pipe it into this program and then take it from this program.
And it's like, to me, it's like a very much so an orchestration problem, which is very simple.
So if AI gets like 20% better and the orchestration stuff gets a lot better,
a lot of what we're talking about starts to become like a reality.
So, yeah, in a lot of ways, like the AGI in a form is kind of here.
It's just we don't know how to like connect it together in the right order.
Yeah, yeah, I don't feel like the actual models themselves need to get better for like so many things to open up.
It's when we started Samus, I mean, that was like the whole thing was just like natural language processing tech was really advanced even 10 years ago,
but like there's so few consumer applications of it.
And it was just like, hey, we could apply this to the thing we care about.
And a lot of people love that. And it was just like, it's the same thing today. I feel like with AI.
It's like all the pieces are there. It's just now people putting together into products that are really useful.
And yeah, that last mile, that orchestration bit, I feel that pain too.
But yeah, I don't think we're like banking on some huge step function of complexity or stuff that's opened up and the accuracy of the models or whatever.
I feel like they're good enough to do so much of what I do day to day.
The other thing is, okay, so given all this, you know, what actually matters now as like, what does this all require if the input isn't being able to write code well?
One of the ways I've been thinking, that's funny because that means I think fits perfectly into this.
If an AI can do everything can be useful and you want to put a product where an AI is involved, it still needs a clean source of data.
So whatever the thing you're doing, the cleaner your data is, the better it can do the work.
So me and Liz are working on radiant, which is for personal finance.
We are the way we're thinking about this is we want to make it the first step is to make it stupid, easy to like clean up your data and create rules that like this human created rules that make that like the best source of financial data that's ever existed for you.
We can layer in some like general AI stuff to help you clean that up.
That's new hasn't been able to have been able to do that before. It works really well already. And what we end up with is like a really interesting clean set of events, financial events for you.
But the way we've built things, we're not limiting it to financial events. We'd love to get all sorts of stuff in there.
So just take something completely random. Let's say you're like browsing history. I don't know if we would actually do this, but like every website you visited, that's also now ingested in there.
And you can see as AI gets better, we now have this amazing set of data that is like your personal data that this can now tap into and we can build probably something really cool out of it.
Yeah, Ken with it was coming with like really funny examples on Twitter, but it's the exact type of thing that we could enable.
Like, you know, it's like 5pm. And then your AI messages you being like, hey, it's dinner time. You haven't ordered Indian food in a couple months.
Maybe you should have Indian food to time and order that for you. Today, AI could do that. They can totally do that. The problem is there's no pipeline to like, it had that information about you to do that.
So we're making a way to like connect all your financial stuff, but also your Amazon account. You're going to eat some account, connect everything right now under the pretense of like just getting a good financial picture of your life.
But you can see how if this data set becomes very clean, it just feeds into whatever and interface AI interface is going to come out at some point.
And so that means the same thing, right? Just having that clean data set and the way people access it might be different in a couple years.
Man, yeah, you're just reminding me that like everything I was thinking about up to this point in the conversation was like what we've come to know is a traditional way to interact with AI where like it's generating a bunch of text.
But there's all these other ways AI is super useful, like summarizing, cleaning up data. And that's whole other vectors that companies will get better, new products will emerge.
Yeah, it's just, I think we're in for like a pretty great few years if you're into technology. Yeah, this episode is turning into the AI episode.
And I feel like it'd be really cool if at some point we're like, this whole episode was generated with AI.
This isn't actually Adam and Dax.
Yeah, yeah, no, it's, it's, it's exciting. Yeah, some of that stuff, like you said, like outside the generative stuff, because we've been playing with it just to clean up data and it's.
It like, it solves things I've seen. Yeah.
Over and over and over my life. And finally, it does it correctly. So a classic thing with financial data is sometimes it'll be the merchant name and for some reason, the location.
It'll be like Starbucks, Miami, Florida. But like, there won't be spacing between these things. It'll be Starbucks, Miami, Florida. So it's impossible to really write a parser that is like, give me the counterparty for this. It should just be Starbucks.
Yeah, because as a human, you can, you have a sense of, oh, this is the name and this is probably a location, even if you don't immediately recognize location because it has a location sounding type name, right?
And you can very easily split those apart.
Historically, very hard to do, but AI does this like near perfectly.
There's another thing I've been kind of trying to figure out because I think this is going to be something that comes up a lot.
There's like a set of things we can ask AI and it's going to give you back a response.
And oftentimes we want a deterministic response, right? So again, Starbucks, Miami, Florida, what is a counterparty?
That kind of only ever needs to be asked once ever and then it can be cached for like all time, right?
Because we don't want it every time a transaction comes in and we don't want to like ask it. We're going to build some kind of caching layer.
So it's kind of like, yeah, like is open AI like caching every single question that people ask and then, oh, you know what I'm saying?
Like, eventually we'll have asked all the questions. I mean, not literally, but we'll have asked, like, it's like a lot more than a thing, right?
Like most questions have been asked before already. And if you don't want a creative response, like, you know, you can set the temperature to zero or whatever.
Yeah. Yeah. If you're asking a question with a temperature zero, if someone else, like, if someone else asks basically the same question, like, you can give you the exact same response.
So that's kind of interesting too. Yeah, I think, but you hit one of the key sticky points, which is that there are other parameters.
Like, and like I have custom instructions in my GPT, so like, how does that impact? I presumably can't just cache unless there's something, some intermediate thing that they can cache that.
Yeah, then runs through. I don't know. It depends on the use case because I don't think JB T could, but this case where I'm, I'm like filtering and cleaning up data.
Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I'm basically 100%. Yeah. But then I also wonder, can it introspect and create deterministic rules for me?
So when I say, give me the counterparty, can I tell it to write code that gets me the counterparty from this?
And it writes in like crazy ass, like, thing that doesn't make any sense, but it does work and that can just run that code every time instead of directly querying the LM.
It's really weird. It's a weird like dynamic. Yeah, it just opens up so many different things that you think like when we started our careers, there were problems that you just wouldn't even approach.
Like, there were things that you just couldn't even think about solving. And it's almost like, it's like things you, five years ago, things you would have reached for mechanical Turk.
Right. Exactly. It's like, oh, this is a human, but it's just, it's still all within a system, but it has like human reasoning skills.
It's pretty wild. Yeah. I'm very excited. I hope to sleep through the nights and not have another night like that, but it was a turning point for me.
Somehow that night of sleep, I went from like anxiety over AI. And what does it mean for our profession to like, oh, this is going to be awesome.
Yeah. And yeah, maybe the key is like being entrepreneurial. If you're not entrepreneurial in any way, shape or form, maybe it's terrifying.
But if you got any bit of that in your, if you think you could, I think it's a huge opportunity.
The one other thing that you touched on that made the last, last point I'll make is a, because I think the key thing in John Carmack's post was he talked about how he doesn't like managing humans and he probably will have a better time managing AI.
And there is a really funny thing where I've already experienced this and it's been kind of crazy to realize, I don't know if we taught those already.
When I asked Chad JBT for stuff, sometimes I talk to it for like some kind of complicated things.
I'm like trying to get to design me something or the feedback you can give it is so much more precise and direct because you do not have to worry about a long-term relationship, damaging a long-term relationship with this thing.
Yeah. So if it doesn't think bad, I should, I'm sure like that sucks. Like here's exactly why it sucks.
Whereas the person, you like have to like give them a few tries and then like kind of like layer and feedback slowly, that is an insane productivity boost.
When you can just be like, this sucks, you're being too corny, like more like this.
And you just can't interact with a person that way. So it's quite different.
Yeah, you can't. There's so much more that comes into play when you hire a human being and you are, or would you just put in charge of them?
And they're your direct report. There's one on ones every other week. There's, I mean, there's just all these things that an AI developer, you don't have to deal with.
And we just, we sound like the evil empire right now. I'm sure to some people that are listening, they're like, oh, these are the jerks.
They're going to hire some AI developer instead of me. Yeah, I don't, I think it's the, it's the, what's abundance mindset.
It's like, this is going to make, is that just a trope that it's, yeah, it's going to take jobs.
It's going to make more jobs. I really feel like there's just going to be more opportunity because of all this.
But I can't say that like in individual circumstances, there won't be people that don't have the opportunity they had.
I don't know. Yeah. And I think that's the case. And at this point, my mindset is I can really just worry about my own path and like how it affects my own path.
Yeah, I don't know how it's going to affect everyone else's. Yeah. But I'm trying to work myself. Sorry.
Yeah. I mean, it's just like people, I mean, part of me, if I'm being honest, it's, some of these differences are not, what's the word?
They are, they are, they're not like clean differences. Like, I've had differences with people in my life where I felt like their view of the world was getting in the way of mine.
And they made it harder for like me to do the version of my life that I wanted.
So in some ways, yeah, I will say, like I will admit that this type of thing is way more in my favor than this other thing that I've kind of been fighting against.
So in some ways, I like don't really feel that bad. So yeah, that is like a little bit there as weird as it is to admit, like a shade in Freud, I guess, is a word.
If anybody, if anybody's listening to this and they're feeling anxiety now because they feel like they're going to lose your job, everything moves slow.
So just remember that, like things move slow. It's not an overnight thing. Now getting laid off at a fang company, that's overnight. That happens all the time.
It's been happening in mass and it has nothing to do with AI. I don't think.
So yeah, could you get laid off at your cushy job or you're not so cushy job? Yes, that is a fact of life.
But the AI thing, it's like long term trends and shifts in the way we work.
This is not like you need to be looking over your shoulder.
Yeah, there's such like a it's weird because I like I've been made so aware of how on the edge of things that I focus on like just because of and I think for a lot of us that are friends that were kind of all in the same place where we're just like always right on the edge.
So we get hyper obsessed with this stuff that takes so long to make it to the vast majority of the world.
There's companies that are just moving AWS and just figuring out the cloud.
It's going to take them a while to figure out all those other stuff. So yeah, things do move really slow.
Go and that's what you said about hiring. We're like the jerks are going to have replaced people and hire and I already made a tweet about this. I don't know if you remember, I was like, I can't wait for GPT five so I never have to hire one of you idiots again.
I like people. I'm not one of those people that's like I hate people and I just want to like be myself and talk to you.
I love people and I like want to continue to work with people. I just don't think it needs to be a lot of a lot of people and I've been this way pre AI like this has like been my dream for a very, very long time which is a small group of people that I love and we're just doing.
I have a massive impact like I've always wanted that is just, you know, except more in that direction. Yeah, just further enables it. What is E slash a CC mean. Oh man. I don't know what that is, but I can. I thought I did these things.
What does it mean? I think Ken Wheeler's roasting of them was probably the most accurate. Yeah, I think I did see one of his tweets. Is it like it's AI related like it's people who are in the AI.
So there's this idea, which is, which I think I roughly agree with, which is we want to accelerate AI as fast as possible. And that's what's best for humanity.
Like we shouldn't be like wasting time asking all these questions that our primary goal should be to like who says because any theoretically it fixes so much and it helps the world so much and you believe in that you put.
And like they've codified that into like a thing, you see, I don't know what something accelerate for something. I think they're effective acceleration. It's like something like that.
Okay, this like comes from like the there's been a bunch of things in the in this shape. And so it's kind of in that category.
But so, you know, some that makes sense. You know, the way described it.
But when people put this kind of shit in their Twitter bio, it's just like a weird identity thing. They're like, I am someone that likes AI. But if you like dig into that, it's I'm someone that's afraid of AI.
But if I put this in my identity, then it feels like I'm going to be one of the people that benefit, you know, spare me the AI overlords.
Yeah, exactly. It's like, I'm going to be one of the people that benefit and you're all going to get left behind and I'm going to be.
And it's like someone that just puts that in their profile is not doesn't fit the persona of someone that would actually like, yeah, benefit that from that.
It's I think like you see this with like crypto to like a bunch of crypto people put stuff in their profile that like signals that something.
So yeah, it's purely an identity thing at this point. And whenever I see them, it's like, yeah, okay.
So we'll know. We'll know how many of our listeners are into this stuff or crypto based on how many fewer viewers we have after this.
Just occurred to me like we have enough people to listen that I'm sure we offend someone every single episode.
Someone has EACC and their profile and I'm hoping after this episode they they reconsider it because I am judging.
Yeah, that's what I'm very directly judging.
It's funny. There were other tech things that happened like news, if you will, the White House says you should write rust.
I didn't read anything beyond it.
I didn't read it.
Did they literally say rust or did they say that they don't we should encourage memory safe languages?
Is that what they say?
I saw memory safe. Yeah, literally what I know about this is from like a couple of YouTube thumbnails.
That's literally it.
That's how I learned about tech these days.
To be honest, I think there is literally nothing more than what you've learned from YouTube thumbnails.
It makes sense like you know, cybersecurity is a huge thing and a lot of tech exploits are from memory safety issues.
So of course, this makes a little sense.
And of course, the best thing to take away from it are a bunch of jokes, which I think is what I can do.
Did rust ever make a comeback after like all the foundation stuff?
Like did it come back in favor or are people still upset?
A lot of stuff is being written in rust.
I don't know if that stuff really made a dent in like the actual usage of it.
It was just a Twitter perception of it.
Yeah, I think I think some energy was lost.
It hit all 50 of us in the Twitch dev community.
That was it.
Yeah.
And then the 50 of those people that never really ship anything anyway stop writing rust.
So yeah.
Okay.
Cool.
Yeah, what else?
I feel like there was other stuff on Twitter.
It's been, it's been semi active in the tech world.
Has it?
Maybe not.
Maybe I made that up.
What have you been tweeting?
That's always fun.
I feel like we actually have segments and one of the segments is reviewing my tweets.
Yeah, we do.
It's, it's looking at your Twitter.
Yeah.
You just saw your tweet from an hour ago.
You've all had CO2 monitors for over a month down.
I haven't seen it before.
I love it.
I do have one sitting right here.
You say you open your window a lot more now?
A lot more.
It's 1193 right now.
That's not good.
When I turn on my studio lights for some reason, it's probably because I talk more than the
lights around.
But the CO2 levels, they climb.
It's just too cold right now.
I can't open the window.
Yeah.
I mean, like I said, I live in like a very containment, but again, my AC is always on.
And I think that basically does it for me.
I don't know.
I don't have a CO2 monitor.
So I could be dying.
By the way, this is going to be my last episode from this location.
So this is.
Sorry.
What?
Oh, you're moving.
Yeah.
Next door.
To an identical, like this room is identical.
It's going to be identical.
Like the houses are similar.
Yeah.
So I'm going to set everything back up and then we can check like a frame of frame thing and
see how much is actually changing.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
I love it.
So there's no way anyone will notice if they don't hear us say.
Yeah.
You just moved.
Did you see Jay posted a picture of the.
Yeah.
Was that the back of your house?
Did he come over?
No, no, I know.
I send him that picture and then he posted it on Twitter.
That's what we do.
Anytime someone sends us a picture in our team chat, someone else posted on Twitter.
I still see pictures of you that pop up all the time.
Like the one I generated in Dolly.
And then there's the one you posted of you like.
Looking insane.
Yeah.
You look insane.
Oh, man.
That's going to be the face I make when I replace everyone with the guy.
That's the exact energy of that photo.
That's what you should be anticipating.
If your job's on the line.
You can just switch my Twitter profile picture to that.
Like what kind of energy would I give?
It'd be weird if you didn't have this avatar.
You've had this avatar as long as I've known.
No, I think I'm never going to change it.
I do have a.
I did.
Okay.
So when I started being more public, I made a rule to myself, which is I'm going to pick
an avatar and I'm never going to change it.
Because when you change it, like.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
People.
Yeah.
I've changed.
I'm just committed to this forever.
And to be honest, I think my avatar, even if I'm like 30 years older, I think it still
works.
It'll still work.
How did you make that, by the way?
It was actually a gift.
Someone gave me a water color.
Someone knew someone that did water colors.
And for.
I forgot what it was.
It might have been for Valentine's Day or something.
They gave us me and Liz a water color of like me and her together.
And that's just like my head.
That's cool.
So Liz could have one that's of the other part of the water color.
I think she should.
But I think she should.
I think it's different with women because like her hair is different now.
So like, yeah, that doesn't match.
And she feels like a different person.
Whereas me, you know, not to worry about that.
Yeah.
Yeah, I was going to say I could do a water color of you.
It's a little easier.
That's the long last thing.
The average person.
Your banner photo on Twitter.
Is that like a Zuko kind of.
That was like when like AI generate images first came out and I was like.
Oh, that's why I generated.
Yeah.
Well, he's looking right at your head.
Like he's pointing right at you.
If you notice that.
I do want to change it, but I'm very uninspired.
I don't know what to do with that.
I forget what mine is half the time.
Uh, did you realize you've tweeted 15,000 times?
Is that true?
Uh, how, how bad do you feel about yourself now?
I don't think about all the tweets.
I feel good.
Okay.
That makes me feel good.
It's a lot of thoughts that I have documented that I can go back and read.
You crank them out.
That's why we can always talk about tweets of yours because you always have new tweets to talk about.
Yeah.
The CO2 one today was good.
Oh, what did you do with the sentry?
Well, what's his name?
I wasn't there.
Okay.
So that was the other way.
It wasn't me that picture.
I posted on Twitter.
Another photo that ended up in your Slack and then re-hosted.
He was in, David was in Toronto.
So Jay met up with them.
Oh, nice.
Yeah.
A few of them.
David, Armin, Ben.
Uh, what's, what's the planet scale insights feature?
Oh, man.
This is awesome.
Someone just asked about it.
So I was going to, I can talk about it.
Someone asked, how long have I had my plant scale recommendation?
I've been using it for over a year now and I've just always had a great time with it.
So I've been recommending it since then, I guess.
Uh, yeah.
They, they turned it on for my account last week and it basically, huh?
Flex.
Nice.
Nice flex.
Yeah.
I got it early.
I got insights early to my, to my, my sequel database coveted.
Everyone should feel bad.
So I continue.
Yeah.
It's actually a very straightforward feature.
I'm sure it's like complicated to do like a lot of little details, but it's straightforward
in the sense that it's obvious.
They can see all of your queries happening.
They can see how long they take.
They can see how many rows it scans.
Uh, and it basically gives you recommendations of being like, Hey, you're querying by this
field a lot.
Consider adding an index to it.
Because you're currently scanning a lot of rows and this is like a frequent career you're
doing.
And you got like Aaron sitting over your shoulder.
Just like.
Exactly.
Hey, people are joking.
It's just him, like typing out recommendations for everyone.
He's manually going through all the queries and like, oh, found one.
But there's things that it caught.
There's one thing that it caught that was like a really stupid mistake.
Um, like most of my tables are the same and they're queried in the same way.
But there was one table that was slightly different.
It was queried in a different way.
So I forgot to put like, I need a secondary index on, on a field, but that was like the
way I queried it.
Uh, and I totally didn't notice and it was, it was like one of the most frequent queries
that happened in my system and it called it out.
It was like, here's a table here.
What's going on?
Here's a recommended index that you can add.
Uh, it didn't match my naming scheme.
So I didn't, you can just like click up there and like update your schema right there.
Oh, wait, hang on.
So planet scale, how do, how do you, how do you codify your schema?
That's why you would never use that feature because it doesn't make cause I just saw the
truth for that.
Yeah.
Well, my sort of truth for that is a drizzle definition.
So I went updated the drizzle definition and then, uh, did my normal kind of reference,
what they say.
And you kind of know where you should.
Yeah.
I did it through drizzle, even though the index I added wasn't exactly the same as what
they recommended, they understand that it fixes that problem.
Yeah.
And they automatically detect it and they close the issue, uh, which is amazing.
And then that's amazing.
Yeah.
And I found a bunch of others where like I had extra indexes from stuff I was playing
with that I forgot to remove.
Um, so it's great.
It just like, this isn't even AI, but it gives you that same feeling where it's because
it's just complete heuristic base, but he's that same feeling where you don't have the
time to like babysit the stuff and it can stuff can easily fall through the cracks.
Yeah.
But it just does it for you.
Like, yeah, you can give people good observability tools to find these issues, but like just
find it for them and then just tell them.
Yeah.
And just suggest here's how you fix it.
I wish more tools did that.
That's awesome.
It's great.
And I'm just like, why hasn't RDS shipped this?
They've been dominating sequel deployments for so long now.
Yeah.
I have all the data started to expose like slow query stuff, but I'm sure it's not fun.
I'm not used it, but like, do what do you have to go to cloud watch or something?
It's huge pain.
It's like, yeah, it's like even even turning on that feature is a whole set of steps.
But yeah, plant scale is great to continue to.
This is another one because it might tweet.
I was like, this is another sticky feature.
I call it out in that way because I'm also really into them as a business because I feel
like they do things in a way that makes a lot of sense.
Like when they first launched their big thing was a whole merge request flow.
And these are features where they're very different.
You probably haven't seen it before, but like as soon as you try, you're just like, fuck,
I never want to give this up.
And that's great as like a dev tool business to really like focus on like really small
things like that, that once you experience it, you'll bend over backwards to like, you
know, keep having that in your workflows.
This is another one.
Like I would say this is their second one where I'm like, okay, like it would be hard
for me to get this up now.
Yeah.
I want to talk about databases for a second because I'm like the data API came out for
serverless V2.
I think we talked about it at one point.
Yeah.
How do you have you like embraced that?
Are you still just to is plant scale too sticky and you can't leave?
Is there anything that you've discovered with data API that like, oh, it's not as good
as I thought it was on V2 or how do you feel about that?
We use it a little bit for our movies demo because like the vector database was backed
by that.
Yeah.
It worked.
There's no issues.
And I think the drizzle adapter for it works fine.
There's some like weird quirks where it can't do certain data types, which I don't fully
understand that we've just seen before and they're still present in this in this version.
Also, they only do Postgres right now, I think, like the MySQL version.
Oh, right.
They haven't they haven't rolled it out for MySQL.
Okay.
So that makes sense why you would still you'd be in plant scale until that at least one
of the next things we have to do is make our console self-hostible so that would mean
conditionally swapping out plant scale for RDS, but we're kind of waiting for my SQL support
in the data.
Yeah.
That makes sense.
But yeah.
Okay.
Like there's some things the plant scale model is it's just a model and there's like trade-offs
and negatives with it.
So yeah, they have a very traditional deployment.
You have a MySQL instance accessing data on disk that's local to the instance and to
scale it, you like shard potentially if you like need to scale it that way and you have
these live instances, whereas Aurora and neon do that thing where they separate everyone
loves this phrase.
We separate compute from storage.
Yeah.
So like the storage layer is completely independent and that can scale and replicate on its own
outside of like the MySQL or Postgres replication protocol.
And they can just spin up compute as needed to run your queries and there's some benefits
to this because like the whole auto scaling thing can work a lot better under that model.
That's why like serverless V2, you know, can scale up and down.
There's it's a little bit BS because when it scales up, its caches are cold.
So you kind of have this cold start thing that you probably don't even realize you have
because it's like hard to observe.
But technically the separation of storage and compute is better for that type of thing.
So if you're like, if you're adding an index on a giant database, you need a ton of compute
to compute it, it can like scale up just to add the index and then scale back down.
So there's cool stuff like that that RDS can do.
Yeah.
So it's a different model, but there's a lot about the plan scale model that's simpler
plus all these like nice features they threw up through on top.
Okay.
Can I talk about health insurance?
Yeah, please.
Or generally health care in America, I'm not trying not to make this too ranty because
sometimes I get a little fired up over some of this stuff, but it's been almost a year
since I canceled my health insurance.
And I don't know if I've ever talked about this on the podcast.
I've definitely talked about it on the internet.
I just canceled it.
I was just wondering I was like, this is stupid.
Not even just the money, but just like the healthcare system in America is stupid.
And I don't want to be involved with it.
So it was kind of like going off the grid.
It was like, I just want to be as separated as I can from what I think is a very broken
system.
Like the way the billing works and the way health care providers have to charge so much
more because the insurance companies will only pay like a certain percentage and all
this big game and everybody just knows it is just stupid.
So I stopped paying my health insurance.
In that time, I picked up Jiu Jitsu and went to the ER twice.
Yeah.
I've not gone to the ER in my adult life.
So in high school, I once had to stay in the hospital overnight for an infection.
But since then in my adult life, I hadn't really had any serious medical situations.
And I paid for health insurance for those 10 years as an adult and never really used it.
And then I gave it up and promptly ended up in the hospital twice.
There was something else that's happened health-wise.
I've had some knee stuff anyway.
It's the most I've been a participant in the health care system.
And I don't have health insurance and can't believe how much money I've saved.
Even with two emergency room visits, that's been like four months of premiums.
And I know insurance is to protect you from the big one.
I know people are listening and they're like, yeah, well, you haven't had a terminal illness
or some terrible thing that's going to cost all of your net worth or whatever happened.
And that's why you get insurance.
There's insurance for that though, right?
I know I keep looking to look into this, like a catastrophic insurance or something.
Yeah.
So I don't even have that.
I should probably look into it.
But I don't know, the health care system's stupid, and it just bothers me.
Why does it bother me so much that like- It's really annoying.
It's extremely annoying.
Part of it is just like we're in such bad health and we spend so much on health care.
And it just feels like that dichotomy, like as a country, I'm speaking specifically to
the US, like, I mean, I guess that's the whole thing with insurance is you spread around
the risk.
The risk of like dying of heart disease in America is super high.
So I don't want to pay that shared collective risk when I feel like there are measures I
can take that can prevent or lower my risk to like avoidable diseases.
Okay.
Now I'm just going to stop because I've not slept enough and I don't know where I'm headed
with this.
No, but okay.
So, but on this topic, so I do have health insurance.
I do pay for it myself.
Every year, when we have to, you know, sign up for it, we go to the same process where
we're like, okay, maybe things have changed.
Like what's going on?
We do the research.
We do the thing.
And we always pick the lowest premium option because we don't need.
I don't need any of the stuff that they try to build around it is need the most basic.
I will pay for everything myself.
Yeah.
Give me some number if I go over or you take care of for something catastrophic.
That's all I need.
It's always so annoying because that even for that, the price of that has doubled since
I started paying for it like years ago and I was like, you know, I was too old to be
on my parents.
Yep.
It's doubled.
And they keep like trying to like kind of like make it like real insurance, but I don't
really want that.
There's like no such, there's no thing out there where it's like they just do the most
bare bones stuff.
Like they don't try to give you a network.
They don't try to do any of that.
They give you literally zero and they just try to minimize previous, like it doesn't,
that doesn't exist.
And the problems with our healthcare system, because like people are always like, Oh yeah,
it should just be, you know, public, like other places.
Like there should be a government option.
The thing is like, I hate when people like don't look at problems specifically.
It's kind of look at generally.
They're just like, Oh, other companies are have like a government option.
So it'll work here.
But if you look at some of the details, we have like a mess up system in so many little
ways that making a government option, I can easily see how that's just going to make things
even worse.
If you look at a per capita spending, I think we literally outspend the next country by
two X on healthcare costs.
So we're already spending a crazy amount per person and we're not, we don't necessarily
have like double the outcomes.
It's also really complicated because a lot of the stuff gets invented here.
And like, you know, the whole world gets a benefit.
There's also this dynamic where hospitals have consolidated like crazy.
That's not a very competitive market and the prices have gone up because that's, there's
laws that are out there that make it.
So if you want to start a hospital, you have to prove that you are not competitive with
an existing one.
It's like complete, completely backwards.
You've mentioned that to me before.
Yeah.
So there's like, oh, there's like a whole cluster of problems.
And yeah, at this point, like I think what has gotten better is I think providers have
recognized that people just want to opt out of insurance.
And there are like great doctors that have like somewhat reasonable prices that will
treat you without insurance and they have an upfront, there's what it costs.
You pay me, you know, but yeah, you still, I still feel like I need that disaster insurance
just in case.
Yeah.
The cost of that is way higher than it needs to be.
It's really annoying.
And for you, like, you have a family of four or so it's probably like thousands.
Oh, yeah.
It'll be, it'll be a lot.
Yeah.
I don't know.
It frustrates me every time I think about it or especially if I talk about it.
Yeah.
So people are trying to say I stopped my forum and half and it was like $10,000 without
insurance.
It would have been a hundred thousand.
So here's like another stupid thing.
Like if you go to the hospital and you ask, what's the cost with insurance?
They say 10k.
What's the cost without insurance?
Do they say 100k?
The 10k, your insurance is not paying the other 90k.
It's just that's the insurance rate that they've negotiated.
Yeah.
When they say you have to pay 100k, you don't.
You just tell them you get treated and you're like, I'm not going to pay 100k.
They will make you pay 10k.
So it's just, it's just annoying for a stupid reason.
And we had this with, uh, it was got her gallbladder out and they get, it caught us like
insane number, like a hundred and something thousand dollars.
Uh, and we just said, we were just like, no, you can do funny things too.
You can, uh, you can send, if they're, if they keep sending them a bill, you can send
them $1 every time they send you a bill.
And that like resets whatever thing that they have and they eventually give up.
It's so stupid.
But you know what?
It's a stupid system and you got to act stupid in it.
I guess that's what it is.
It's a stupid system.
You just got to act stupid to not go crazy because, oh my word.
Yeah.
You've got to play a stupid game with the hospitals where these procedures are not expensive.
I mean, they're expensive, but not like outrageously expensive.
Yeah.
I mean, don't they have to charge, like they have to charge insurance companies this huge
rate because the insurance companies only pay like a fraction of what they bill.
So it's just this game where they keep billing.
Yeah.
I mean, it's, it's really, it's bad for everyone.
The hospital is like any service provider that takes insurance, you literally have no
idea what you're going to get paid when you treat a patient.
It's like so confusing.
Yeah.
Liz's uncle, he owns a giant healthcare business in Miami, like billboards everywhere.
Like everyone knows what it is.
It's crazy how big of an operation this is.
And he treats like, it's like a network of doctors and pharmacies and like everything
you need for someone elderly to like take care of all of their needs.
Yeah.
It's even gone to a point where they have like recreational stuff and it's like a whole
community.
But it's massive.
They have like so many, so many people enrolled in this.
It's a giant complicated business.
Like they put all this together over the last like 30 years.
So much work.
They make like $70 a patient per year.
It's something like in net, that's how that's what they get.
Yeah.
And they're facing an issue right now because some middleman somewhere increased something
by like roughly that amount.
Oh my word.
Now they're making like near zero.
Yeah.
So this big complicated, difficult business that he spun up just for like, this small,
I mean, he makes a lot of money.
I mean, they've made a lot of money because they're so big, but yeah.
It's just crazy how complicated it is compared to anything that I've ever done.
Yeah.
We're spoiled by the software margins.
Or at least what used to be software margins.
I don't know.
Maybe those are gone.
You're going away.
For sure.
Yeah.
Are interest rates climbing again?
Are they?
Are they dropping interest rates?
Did I hear that?
They definitely committed to pausing hikes for a bit.
Pausing hikes, which is as good as lowering.
Yeah.
Some people think.
And a lot of people's eyes.
Some people think they might be, they might be forced to raise again, depending on how
pausing goes.
But you can see the market, they like the market has basically priced in rate lowering.
I think so because my portfolio is not over here.
Which is amazing.
Interesting.
It's all tied to the markets.
Yeah.
I feel great.
And I need the rates to go down so I can find someone that's buying my New York apartments.
I can buy the house that I'm moving into.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, you're stuck with that situation.
My parents are trying to sell their house and they've had it for a while.
I haven't even tried selling it.
I'm going to list it.
I'm going to list my apartment this summer and I'm going to see if someone buys it.
I just can't.
I like can't fathom who would buy this, but I can't fathom who would buy a lot of things
and then they always sell.
Yeah.
Maybe a fan of the podcast.
Maybe somebody would be like, that's Dax's house.
Yeah.
If you want to repay an apartment in New York City in a great location, really quiet location.
Not the location you probably would think to go to, but it's a great location.
Let me know.
I have an apartment for you.
Okay.
While we're talking to our listeners, we are at an hour here and I need to get off here
before.
I just need to stop talking.
Two monitors getting out of hand, it's 1360.
I'm going to die over here and I don't have health insurance, but if you're listening
to this podcast still after an hour and whatever it's been, maybe hop into Apple Podcasts,
leave us a rating.
We don't get a lot of ratings.
I think it's just to ask for them and maybe we'll get more if I ask for them.
And I don't even honestly know what happens if you give them to us, but it makes you feel
great.
Because I look at them.
Clarify.
A good, oh, good rating.
Yeah.
If you don't like the podcast, why are you still listening?
And don't leave us a rating.
But, you know, if you want to leave a good one, it warms my heart.
I check it every once in a while.
We've got some, but not a lot.
If you want to leave a review even better, tell us what you like.
If you don't like stuff, maybe DM it to us.
Don't put it on the public record to actually have anything to add to this meta asking of
the listeners.
We should put it at the beginning of our podcast.
Oh, probably.
So that everyone who hears the podcast, because there's probably like 10 people that listen
to the end.
Yeah.
But maybe one of those 10 people.
That's true.
We only have one per episode.
A lot of.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, we've done like 81 episodes.
We're coming up on 100.
We got to think of something special.
I wonder if we could record.
You've been saying we've been coming up on 100 ever since we got over 50.
I wonder if we could, if it would time out, I could do the math.
But could we do?
Could we record episode 100 in Miami together when I come from Miami?
Probably way off.
That'll be like episode 86.
Wait, how many weeks is it?
It's only a four more weeks.
Right.
There's not a lot of weeks.
Six weeks.
Yeah.
Something like that.
Okay.
Well, maybe we'll record episode 100, but not release it until we record the other 15 episodes
and then that'll be episode 100.
I don't know.
We'll see.
We can do it in this office or in guess in my new house.
In the one that looks just like the night.
Yeah.
Did you see what I said about the lights in that house?
No.
So we go.
We got the keys yesterday and that they're still fixing some stuff up so we're not like
living there yet.
But we get the keys and I turn on the faucet in the sink.
So I'm like, okay, what's a water pressure like here was good, which I'm happy with.
But then the lights start flickering and I'm like, no, no, no, when you turn on the
water, I turn off the faucet.
The lights stop flickering.
I did it like three or four times to really make sure.
Oh, no.
And it's like strobing.
It's like, yeah, like what the hell is this?
And yeah, so it has a tankless water heater, which is great.
But it's true.
Love it.
Yeah.
That's so much power.
Because I think it's new.
I've made added that in recently.
Oh, so it's not like water touching something.
Sure.
That's what I was worried about.
So how are we going to track that down?
How are we going to try them?
Like where this is happening?
Well, you know, when you see the fire, that's where it was the water.
I guess the water.
Yeah, that would cost a fire.
I don't know.
Anything electrical just freaks me out.
But then I found the water heater and I turned it down and then it stopped happening.
So this is like a thing.
I got to go figure out.
I probably will have to call an electric electrician and figure it out.
So when they put it on the same circuit as the rest of the house, so like having a separate
circuit for it, there were some weird fixes that people online had.
They like, there was some kind of like ring that you can buy that's like this, it's made
out of some like metal.
And if you like loop certain wires through in the right order, it'll like stabilize whatever
is going on.
What?
And just like completely this passive thing that I don't know, I got to look into it.
That sounds dangerous.
Because you know that like electricians get shocked all the time.
I was naive and thought like, if you're, if you see an electrician, that means they're
really good.
They've never died and they've never gotten shocked, but like they get shocked all the
time.
It doesn't kill you.
I would have thought like you touch.
I don't know.
Just blow it.
AC wire.
Yeah.
In the U.S. and it would just fry your heart.
You'd fall over dead, but they get shocked all the time.
You know that some people get a magnet embedded in their finger what?
And for people that work with electricity a lot, they get, they like they augment themselves
by putting a magnet in their finger and they start to be able to feel currents and your
brain like integrates that to like a new sense that you have and helps them like quickly
realize that wires like a void, that's so cool.
It's like spidey senses or something.
Exactly.
But just for like very one specific scenario, huh?
I'm trying to think of how I could get some kind of an implant that would help me with
my work.
Can't think of anything.
I mean, neural link, I guess, I can just think and stuff would happen on my computer.
Will you get neural link?
If it like becomes a thing where you can just go in and get like an outpatient procedure
and have this thing implanted in your brain, would you do it?
Yeah.
Well, really?
Okay.
It depends what I get out of it.
Like if I'm just like controlling through with my mind, like that's not that interesting.
What else would you get out of it?
If it's like backing up every like a whole memory I have to somewhere.
So then if I die, like restores it into a clone of me, yeah, I'll do it.
Oh, interesting.
Okay.
You weren't expecting that specific of an answer, were you?
No, I was.
I thought it was just like move your mouse with your brain.
I don't know.
That's enough for you.
Yeah.
That's like the end of this technology.
I thought it was.
Okay.
Anyway, all right.
I'm going to stop talking.
So I don't die of carbon dioxide.
Oh my gosh.
Is that a thing?
There's carbon monoxide.
We just keep inventing new things to be worth about.
I bet I'm going to bring my, when I come to Miami, I'm bringing my monitor.
Oh, can you please bring it?
I do want to know.
I'm going to.
I want to know.
Your office is probably like 2,500.
You're probably just like, that's why your tweets are so dumb.
You're like half a brain so let tweets aren't dumb, I just, I can't even be mean.
My tweets are working.
So I should.
No, they're so good.
I should.
Don't just keep doing it.
Keep doing what you damage to my brain.
I remember when you had like 400 followers on Twitter.
It's so funny like, I remember thinking, this guy's way too smart to not have people listening
to him.
What's going on?
I think you did that one.
So that made me feel good.
I did.
I could, I could pull up the receipts.
Yeah.
And how look at you?
Everybody's hanging on every word.
What Dax has to say.
Anyway, I also remember when like Theo had a thousand followers and I'm trying to think
who else trash.
You just like a 120 something now.
Yeah.
I'm trying something thousand.
I remember when trash just had a couple thousand.
You're like, I'm possibly fast.
He did crazy fast and like he just never grew again.
Yeah.
He's hit.
And sailing with memes.
Yeah.
Well, I never post is trash coming to Miami.
He's coming around.
Maybe.
No, he keeps every time I ask him, he says the same thing to me.
He says Miami is a wasteland or he says, Miami is not good for me.
I was like, okay, which is it trash?
I mean, I guess both could be true.
His name is like trash, so you know, you belong in a wasteland.
I will never forget Twitchcon in Vegas.
Like the moment he touched down, I think he had like cigarette in the mouth and he was
gambling in the airport.
I mean, just like immediately turned on Vegas mode.
Oh man.
Yeah.
I thought of something we could do at the end of every episode.
What was it?
Uh, I don't remember a cheer.
No, a cheer, but it was something.
I don't know, maybe I'll think of something later, maybe episode 100 will unveil an outro.
Does it feel weird to not have everyone see it?